feat: Add doc link to help contribuitors to see how the e2e artifacts are in openshift CI (#355)
redhat-appstudio/e2e-tests: README.md

)
```

# Troubleshooting e2e-tests issues in openshift-ci
Every Prow job executed by the CI system generates an artifacts directory containing information about that execution and its results. This [document](https://docs.ci.openshift.org/docs/how-tos/artifacts/) describes the contents of this directory and how they can be used to investigate the steps by the job.

The “artifacts” link in the job result page leads to a page containing every file uploaded by that job. For AppStudio jobs there are three important folders in artifacts:
* **redhat-appstudio_e2e-tests/redhat-appstudio-e2e/***               - Store xunit files related to appstudio e2e-tests.
* **redhat-appstudio_e2e-tests/redhat-appstudio-gather/***            - Store appstudio Kube APIs information. Components, Application, Environment etc.

> * **redhat-appstudio_e2e-tests/redhat-appstudio-hypershift-gather/*** - Store all cluster pods logs, events, configmaps etc. This artifacts are present only with hypershift installer.
> * **redhat-appstudio_e2e-tests/gather-extra/***                       - Store all cluster pods logs, events, configmaps etc. This artifacts are present only when we dont use hypershift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **redhat-appstudio_e2e-tests/redhat-appstudio-hypershift-gather/*** - Store all cluster pods logs, events, configmaps etc. These artifacts are present only when a CI job is using hypershift installer for provisioning a cluster.
* **redhat-appstudio_e2e-tests/gather-extra/***                       - Store all cluster pods logs, events, configmaps etc. These artifacts are present only when we don't use hypershift.
```

)
```

> # Viewing job artifacts in openshift-ci

Reviewer: perhaps the title could say something like "troubleshooting issues with e2e-tests in openshift-ci"?

and then add a short description of job artifacts useful for debugging as [Radim suggests](https://github.com/redhat-appstudio/e2e-tests/pull/355/files#r1108458783)?

Every Prow job executed by the CI system generates an artifacts directory containing information about that execution and its results. This [document](https://docs.ci.openshift.org/docs/how-tos/artifacts/) describes the contents of this directory and how they can be used to investigate the steps by the job.

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you please add here also the three most interesting (IMO) folders for us?
* appstudio-e2e-tests/redhat-appstudio-e2e/ - test logs
* appstudio-e2e-tests/redhat-appstudio-gather - pod logs, events, routes etc.
* appstudio-e2e-tests/redhat-appstudio-hypershift-gather - stonesoup, toolchain & tekton resources (like Applications, Components, Pipelineruns etc.)
